everyone's first question would
be how do you get a wire from
one building to another if the
wire is strong enough to hold
your weight not that you're
heavy but if it's strong enough
to hold your weight you can you
not we can just feel it well in
the case of the world
trendsetter
how do you pass the cable across
silently and quickly because it
was a little how are you doing
but you know what I'm going to
answer with a visual thing
because I did something
individual I brought the Easter
week ball and our girl that's
the boat that's Zeebo which is
actually it's cheap you know
plastic thing in two parts right
which was particularly in a blue
. to me because my friends were
these guys architect and that's
the arrow and I know the
scientists in you is not going
to ask me what did you pad at
the end it's obvious right so be
sure to someone else have any
others like my complete on the
North Tower shot the ball an
hour into which was attached
fishing line imagine that in the
middle of the night crawling on
the south tower in complete
darkness
you're looking for a fishing
line between itself is a movie
scene which is actually in the
movie and this is a you know
this was for my trunk of your
the first 1i let you touch it
for you if your second things so
anyway
ok so so now that's the fishing
line and presumably at this
point the cable just dangling
straight down the table is still
in ourselves to our way to be
paid off and what I need when I
got a fishing line i need to pay
off a Cordina a little rope and
then they got a little work and
they attach the big robe they
sent it to me and to the bigger
back and attached they always
steal cable so it was that all
night of Wigan because the
fishing line is not strong
enough to hold the weight of the
cable but it gets but it
connects you exactly connect it
creates it's the it's the
engagement ring in north america
i love that you say that because
very often the point in me
cannot resist describing what
happened by saying I saw the
Twin Towers being born I got the
idea before the Wellborn I saw
them grow up and when they they
were a dude I married them with
a smile of my cattle
curve so marriage wing we will
in a sense no yes yes that it's
romantic
indeed well French are very